you're about to find out what happens
when a two-year-old basketball hustler
takes on one of the greatest players in
the history of the NBA
please welcome from the Los Angeles
Lakers 15-time all-star Kobe Bryant
this would be a tough test for you and
for any man really Kobe's opponent
tonight accompanied by his father Joseph
the pride of Derby Kansas a real live
diaper dandy here is trickshot Titus HP
Joseph Titus Kobi it is time now for
clash of the Titus
over here gentlemen this is how this is
gonna work behind you we've got some
hoops here we got my cousin salad there
each of these hoops is set at exactly
each shooters height so Kobe's rim
stands at six foot six inches Titus's
rim is that his height which is three
foot no inches and Titus is going to
shoot from six feet away Kobe will be 18
feet away each of you will have 30
seconds and whoever makes the most shots
wins it's very simple Titus is dad
you're gonna feed the balls to Titus no
Kobe I am adopting you for tonight I
will and I will feed the balls to you
are you guys ready to do this
so LLL back Scout on the man I can oh
it's dad of course you were scouting him
all right Tiny's how do you feel right
now are you happy okay good all right
all right let's see how happy we will be
at the end of this 30 seconds closer 30
seconds on the clock you ready
oh you're gonna have to pick up the pace
all right wow that was a tough round
Kobe how do you feel right now
I was fouled all right Titus would you
like to step to the line
stand right there Titus are you ready to
do this
do you like to shoot basketballs do you
think you could beat Kobe do you think
will you conquer any man who stands in
your way
thirty Seconds I still can't get over
how terrible he was
oh my goodness we've got 15 sec
buddy very good job he's fine
ladies a suit like that against me
well Kobe has a special gift for Titus
Guillermo bring out the gift
alright let's put those on him these are
just what you need to really make it to
the NBA
oh is that hurting you buddy okay you
want to walk with them all right
Thank You Joseph good night everybody